README.md, before:

# react-fretboard-diagram

A React component to build SVG fretboard diagrams


### Strings numbering

For the user: strings are numbered starting at 1 and from the lowest pitched to the highest pitched.

Implementation: strings are in an array 0-index.

### Frets numbering

Frets are numbered starting at 0 and from the head of the neck towards the bridge.

Fret number 0 is the nut, or the "zero fret" installed close the the nut on certain guitars.


----

# TODO

- Display stacked intervals

- Color schemes
    - colors for intervals

- Type checking:
    - Flow or TypeScript. Go with Flow if possible.

- Make sure react-router is not build into the component because it is only used by the sample-app.

----

# Never forget:

[Optimize Later](http://wiki.c2.com/?OptimizeLater) - Premature optimization is the root of all evil. The most important 
function of computer code is to communicate the programmer's intent to a human reader. Any coding practice that makes 
your code harder to understand in the name of performance is a premature optimization.

Apply the [Robustness principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle) - Be liberal in what you accept, and conservative in what you send

Commit message:

Display note, interval of finger inside dot.

README.md, after:

# react-fretboard-diagram

A React component to build SVG fretboard diagrams


### Strings numbering

For the user: strings are numbered starting at 1 and from the lowest pitched to the highest pitched.

Implementation: strings are in an array 0-index.

### Frets numbering

Frets are numbered starting at 0 and from the head of the neck towards the bridge.

Fret number 0 is the nut, or the "zero fret" installed close the the nut on certain guitars.

### Interval display

Intervals can be displayed in two forms:

- full interval: 11
- simplified interval: 4

"P" and "M" are omitted. 

----

# TODO

- Display stacked intervals

- Color schemes
    - colors for intervals

- Type checking:
    - Flow or TypeScript. Go with Flow if possible.

- Make sure react-router is not build into the component because it is only used by the sample-app.

- Allow overriding of the display options per Shape. For example, on the same diagram, one shape could be displayed with
notes and another shape could be displayed with intervals.

----

# Never forget:

[Optimize Later](http://wiki.c2.com/?OptimizeLater) - Premature optimization is the root of all evil. The most important 
function of computer code is to communicate the programmer's intent to a human reader. Any coding practice that makes 
your code harder to understand in the name of performance is a premature optimization.

Apply the [Robustness principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle) - Be liberal in what you accept, and conservative in what you send
